Who dares to impersonate the eldest lady?
Forget it, what's so big?
Long time no see, Rett.
Long-eyed dog
How dare you insult the eldest lady?
You are bored with life.
No way, he sells them one by one.
How could he notice?
Where to protect my daughter?
You guys are fired.
From now on
The industries in which the Iceta Group participates are unstructured.
Bang Thien Group covers almost all your professions.
"Are you trying to crazy and steal our soul-destroying wealth?"
I don't want to hear dead people talk.
Take it.
Hey hey.
Goblin Lam, aren't you holding your hand to fight the goblin?
You talk to Ly Van Tru.
Consider him a liar.
What human woman dares to fake how much?
You guys are causing trouble.
Member Nhat Ma Dau now dares to come out.
Zineng Hotel
No way.
Comfortable. Sorry.
The people I really want to divorce are always
I was fascinated by him, I was fascinated by him.
Your daughters-in-law are all my wife's.
I'm old.
This look is also not good.
Give the Pho family another chance.
Give you another chance.
I beg you.
Let her out.
Welcome home, ma'am.